c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\BooksEditor.dll.config
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\BooksEditor.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\BooksEditor.pdb
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\obj\Debug\BooksEditor.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\obj\Debug\BooksEditor.pdb
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Alexey\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Alexey\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BooksEditor\BooksEditor\obj\Debug\BooksEditor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
